Adding citation for ROS 2 (#2501)
ros2/ros2_documentation: source/Concepts.rst

Related Content
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

> :ref:`See the ROS 2 citations <citation>` for more explanation of concepts and citable resources.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:doc:`See the ROS 2 citations <Citations>` for more explanation of concepts and citable resources.
```
